Update README.md (#43)
yiisoft/input-http: README.md

## Installation

> The package could be installed with [Composer](https://getcomposer.org)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package could be installed with [Composer](https://getcomposer.org):
```

> The package could be installed via [composer](https://getcomposer.org/download/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package could be installed with [Composer](https://getcomposer.org)
```
